All right.
Last thing we really have to do here is to make sure that when a user selects one of those movies we
show a summary on the appropriate side of the screen.
So the first thing we have to do is to make sure that we have some div elements to render the summaries
into.
Remember at the bottom the index not just file.
We still have the movie template function.
So we essentially know what content we want to show.
We just need to make sure that we have someplace to put it inside of index not.
I'm going to find where my div of left autocomplete is right after it.
I'm gonna add in a div with an I.D. of left dash summary and close it off and I'll do the same thing
right after the right autocomplete as well.
So it did with an idea of right dash summary
now all we need to do is to make sure that whenever on movie select gets called we render the summary
into the appropriate element under the left side or the right side.
Let's make this happen.
We're probably going to have to have two versions of either on movie select or two versions of on option
select up here.
Remember right now we're using the same version of On option select between both the left hand side
autocomplete and the right hand side.
So I think that we should probably take on option select and then throw it down into each individual
call to create autocomplete and that will allow us to make a customized version for each one to do so
and to go up to my autocomplete config.
I'm going to cut on option select out
then go down to my calls to create autocomplete one into and I'm going to paste that thing in so paste
and paste I'll make sure that I get a comma on the line right above otherwise I'll see an error very
quickly.
Now this one right here is for the left hand side and this one right here is the right hand side so
to make sure that we actually render these summary into the appropriate element.
Let's make sure that when we call on movie select in both cases as a second element I'm gonna pass in
a reference to an element of where to render the summary to So on the first one which is responsible
for the left hand side.
I'll get a document where he selector or pound left dash summary and I'll do the same thing for the
second one as well.
Document dot query selector hound write dash summary so now inside of on movie select we can receive
that second argument.
So in addition to movie we received that other argument as like how about summary target or something
like that have a summary element that makes sense then we're going to do that request to get more details
about the selected movie and then instead of throwing the rendered template inside of some summary element
that doesn't exist anymore.
Instead we're going to throw it into the inner each smell of that summary element.
It's gonna replace that very selector with summary element.
So let's save this and do a quick test go back over a look for Avengers once again for the milling time
look at and there's my summary on the left hand side my schedule to do Dark Knight look at and see the
summary on the right hand side.
Nashville to go between both these and just make sure that they've got the appropriate values or I should
just say different values to make sure that we're not actually leaking data from like one side to another
thing looking through and yep it all looks good.
Okay.
So now the very last thing we have to do here to really complete our application.
Remember the last requirement of our project was to compare both the different stats and we need to
make sure that we colored the greater stat on each side of the screen.
This is going to be a little bit more challenging than it seems because in some cases comparing these
things is actually kind of challenging for example how do we really compare this string right here with
this string.
How do we compare this number right here.
This is a string when it comes back from API we know it's the string because it has the dollar sign
and the commas in there.
So how do we compare that string versus that string.
It's pretty clear I think that we're going to have to figure out some ways to really compare these different
statistics and in some cases it might require some special logic.
So one last pause and we're going to fear that stuff out in the next video.